Generate RSA-256 keys on dev and test mode (#44272)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-jwt.adoc

=== Configuring the {extension-name} Extension Security Information

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: @mcruzdev Usually, this kind of info would be added in the Testing section, the Configuring section is more about configuring properties in prod... But in any case, let's work on the docs once we finalize the solution

[[integration-testing]]
=== Testing

[[dev-mode]]
==== {extension-name} Dev Mode

> If you do not want to generate and configure a public and private key pair, the {extension-name} extension automatically provides an RSA-256 key pair for you in Dev Mode.

Reviewer 2: Is this accurate? My understanding is that it also does that when testing?

So maybe the title should be about keys and the text say `in test and dev mode`?

Small nitpick, we usually don't capitalize `dev mode`.

[[integration-testing]]
=== Testing

[[auto-generated-keys]]

> ==== Automatic Key Generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Automatic key generation
```

Doc team prefers a single capital letter at the start

> If you prefer not to manually generate and configure a public/private key pair, the {extension-name} extension automatically provides an RSA-256 key pair for use in development and test modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have neither verification nor signing keys configured, the {extension-name} extension automatically provides an asymmetric RSA 2024 bit key pair for use in development and test modes.
```

[WARNING]
====

> This configuration is only active in development and test modes. For production environment, you have to set it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated keys and the corresponding configuration properties are only effective in development and test modes.
```

[[integration-testing]]
=== Testing

[[auto-generated-keys]]
==== Automatic key generation

> When you have neither verification nor signing keys configured, the {extension-name} extension automatically provides an asymmetric RSA 2024 bit key pair for use in development and test modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension generates an asymmetric RSA 2024 bit signing key pair in the dev and test modes if the verification key has not been configured.
Once the key pair is generated, the public RSA key is used to configure the `mp.jwt.verify.publickey` property, and the RSA private key is available to tests to sign tokens using `smallrye-jwt-build`, for example:
```

and give as a source java example:
```
import io.smallrye.jwt.build.Jwt;
String jwt = Jwt.upn("Alice").sign();
```

And then, probably, `See xref:smallrye-jwt-build.adoc#sign-claims for mode details.`
